chore: Drop support for Java 8 (#1777)
apache/datafusion-comet: docs/source/contributor-guide/development.md

## Development Setup

> 1. Make sure `JAVA_HOME` is set and point to JDK 11/17 installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure `JAVA_HOME` is set and point to JDK using (support matrix)[docs/source/user-guide/installation.md]
```
